{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <!DOCTYPE html>\
<html>\
<head>\
    <title>Letter</title>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <h1>Hey babe,</h1>\
    <p>Last night was a lot. We both got emotional, and it was the first time in a while that we cried like that. But maybe we needed to let all of that out after everything we\'92ve been carrying lately.</p>\
    <p>Now that I\'92ve had time to sit with everything and process what you said, I feel like I can respond from a more grounded place.</p>\
    <p>First, I want you to know - you didn\'92t do anything wrong.</p>\
    <p>I noticed that when things get overwhelming between us, you sometimes go straight to thinking that breaking up is the best solution - like our NYE fight. I know it comes from a place of feeling like things are too much at the moment, and I don\'92t blame you for that. I just want you to know that when those thoughts come, they don\'92t have to be the only option.</p>\
    <p>What really stood out to me was when you said you want to go to therapy. That\'92s brave babe, and I fully support you. Not because you need to do it for us, but because you deserve to have that space for yourself. If this is something you think will help, I hope you go for it. You\'92re not broken, and you don\'92t have to figure everything out alone.</p>\
    <p>For me, fights will always be just a part of a relationship, but how we move forward from them is what really matters. That moment doesn\'92t define us, and it definitely doesn\'92t make me love you any less. If anything, it makes me appreciate how much we\'92re growing together.</p>\
    <p>This is just me thinking positively ahead of us. We will spend more and more time together babe, and the more we do, the more we will get on each other\'92s toes - and that\'92s completely fine. We\'92ll keep hearing each other out, crying, talking, and maybe talk more, because\'85 </p>\
    <p>We\'92ll figure this out, babe. I love you.</p>\
</body>\
</html>\
}